Add more info to Readme (#6)
form3tech-oss/cilium-etcd-watchdog: README.md

# cilium-etcd-watchdog

A watchdog for Cilium's etcd.

The purpose of this watchdog is to delete ETCD Cluster k8s resources when the quorum is lost or of unknown state for significant amount of time.

> It was created because [cilium-etcd-operator](https://github.com/cilium/cilium-etcd-operator) at the time did not tried to handle quorum lost because of state correctness concerns which in our use case are not relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was created because [cilium-etcd-operator](https://github.com/cilium/cilium-etcd-operator) isn't handling quorum lost because of state correctness concerns which in our use case are not relevant.
```

It is expected that other subjects will create the cluster once its deleted, for example Flux.

## Algorithm details

Watchdog algorithm sits in endless loop that triggers in time intervals (controlled via `polling-interval` flag, default `10 sec`).

> It loops waiting for cilium ETCD cluster to be become available for maximum of bootstrap grace period (controlled via `cluster-bootstrap-grace-period` flag, default `2 min`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It loops waiting for cilium ETCD cluster to become available for maximum of bootstrap grace period (controlled via `cluster-bootstrap-grace-period` flag, default `2 min`).
```

> After witch it will check ETCD quorum status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After bootstrap period expires the watchdog will check ETCD cluster quorum status.
```

If quorum is lost it will delete ETCD Cluster k8s resources.

> If the quorum state is unknown the loop will be repeated for number of times (controlled by `max-quorum-status-check-failures` flag, default `3`) after which if it still in the unknown state will result in delete of ETCD Cluster k8s resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the quorum state is unknown the loop will be repeated for number of times (controlled by `max-quorum-status-check-failures` flag, default `3`) after which, if it still in the unknown state, it will delete of ETCD Cluster k8s resources.
```
